---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "chainguard_image_repos Data Source - terraform-provider-chainguard"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Lookup multiple image repositories with optional filtering. Returns zero or more repositories.
---

# chainguard_image_repos (Data Source)

Lookup multiple image repositories with optional filtering. Returns zero or more repositories.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filter repositories by name (supports partial matching).
- `parent_id` (String) Filter repositories by parent group UIDP.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder identifier for the data source.
- `items` (Attributes List) List of image repositories matching the filter criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `active_tags` (List of String) List of active tags for this repo.
- `aliases` (List of String) Known aliases for a given image.
- `bundles` (List of String) List of bundles associated with this repo (a-z freeform keywords for sales purposes).
- `custom_overlay` (Attributes) Custom assembly overlay applied to images in this repo during rebuilds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay))
- `description` (String) The short description of this repo.
- `id` (String) The UIDP of this repo.
- `name` (String) The name of this repo.
- `readme` (String) The README for this repo.
- `sync_config` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--sync_config))
- `tier` (String) Image tier associated with this repo.

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay`

Read-Only:

- `accounts` (Attributes) Account customizations applied during rebuilds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--accounts))
- `annotations` (Map of String) OCI annotations added to the image.
- `certificates` (Attributes) Custom certificates included in the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--certificates))
- `contents` (Attributes) Additional image contents. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--contents))
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables set in the image.

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay.accounts`

Read-Only:

- `group` (Attributes List) Group accounts added to the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--accounts--group))
- `run_as` (String) User (name or UID) the image runs as.
- `user` (Attributes List) User accounts added to the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--accounts--user))

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--accounts--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay.accounts.group`

Read-Only:

- `gid` (Number) Group ID for the account.
- `groupname` (String) Name of the group.
- `members` (List of String) Members of the group.


<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--accounts--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay.accounts.user`

Read-Only:

- `gid` (Number) Primary group ID for the account.
- `group_name` (String) Primary group name for the account.
- `home_dir` (String) Home directory for the account.
- `shell` (String) Login shell for the account.
- `uid` (Number) User ID for the account.
- `username` (String) Username for the account.



<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay.certificates`

Read-Only:

- `additional` (Attributes List) Additional certificates included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--certificates--additional))
- `providers` (List of String) Certificate providers via packages.

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--certificates--additional"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay.certificates.additional`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) PEM-encoded certificate content.
- `name` (String) Name of the certificate file.



<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_overlay--contents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_overlay.contents`

Read-Only:

- `packages` (List of String) Packages to append to the image.
- `runtime_repositories` (List of String) Custom APK repository URLs used in the assembled image.



<a id="nestedatt--items--sync_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.sync_config`

Read-Only:

- `amazon` (String)
- `apko_overlay` (String)
- `azure` (String)
- `expiration` (String)
- `google` (String)
- `grace_period` (Boolean)
- `source` (String)
- `unique_tags` (Boolean)
