---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "chainguard Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage resources on the Chainguard platform.
---

# chainguard Provider

Manage resources on the Chainguard platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure the Chainguard provider and use the default console API URL
#  (https://console-api.enforce.dev)
provider "chainguard" {}

# Configure the Chainguard provider and pass a specific console API URL.
# provider "chainguard" {
#   console_api = "https://console-api.example.com"
# }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `console_api` (String) URL of Chainguard console API.
- `login_options` (Block, Optional) Options to configure automatic login when Chainguard token is expired. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--login_options))
- `version_stream_allows` (List of String) An allowlist of version streams. Can be either
set in the provider or as the "CHAINGUARD_VERSION_ALLOW" environment
variable. When setting via an environment variable, the list must be
comma separated.

For example, if the resource returns the following versions:

- foo-1.0
- foo-1.1
- foo-1.2

And the allowlist is set to ["foo-1.0"], then the returned results will return
only the version stream "foo-1.0". This applies to both EOL and non EOL
version streams, and also affects the computed "is_latest" field to
only consider the filtered versions.

<a id="nestedblock--login_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_options`

Optional:

- `auth0_connection` (String) Auth0 social connection to use by default for OIDC token. Must be one of: google-oauth2, gitlab, github
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable automatic login when Chainguard token is expired.
- `enable_refresh_tokens` (Boolean) Enable to use of refresh tokens when authenticating with an IdP (not compatible with identity_token authentication).
- `identity_id` (String) UIDP of the identity to assume when exchanging OIDC token for Chainguard token.
- `identity_provider_id` (String) UIDP of the identity provider authenticate with for OIDC token.
- `identity_token` (String) A path to an OIDC identity token, or explicit identity token.
- `organization_name` (String) Verified organization name for determining identity provider to obtain OIDC token.
